Added replacement pcb for the matrix cain keyboard (#10436)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/matrix/cain/read.md

> # Matrix Cain keyboard

Reviewer: This file should be named `readme.md`.

```
git mv -- keyboards/matrix/cain/read.md keyboards/matrix/cain/readme.md
```

This was the replacement PCB for the Matrix Cain keyboard. 

> This firmware DO NOT support the original PCB shipped with the Cain keybaord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This firmware **DOES NOT** support the original PCB shipped with the Cain keyboard.
```

* Keyboard Maintainer: [astro](https://github.com/yulei)

> * Hardware Supported: Matrix cain keyboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hardware Supported: Matrix Cain keyboard
```
